Odyssey of the Dragonlords casts your players into the roles of mythic heroes, who have been the subjects of a dire prophecy. This prophecy pits a small band of mortals against the last of the Titans—and promises an epic conflict that will forever reshape the world of Thylea.

# Gods and Kings
Mythic heroes have dealings with the gods, almost as a matter of course. The gods are not always nice. They are jealous, capricious, cruel, generous, vengeful, kind, vicious, forgetful, thoughtless, lusty, selfish, passionate, and generally all-too-human in their ways. They do not know everything and cannot control everything, but within their spheres of influence, they are awesome, terrible, and dangerous. It’s a foolish mortal who disrespects the gods. The wisest heroes acknowledge the power of the gods over every aspect of life. Mythic heroes must also contend with the will of mortal kings and queens. Earth-shattering events demand action from the most powerful rulers from across the land, but their hands are often bound by the vagaries of fate. Sometimes, they are forced to take up arms and join the quest themselves, but more often they must depend upon the might of famous heroes.

# Oaths and Curses
Mythic heroes are often bound to their quest by powrrful oaths. Oaths are inviolable sacred vows that are sworn only in the most serious of circumstances. Oaths have a powerful, far-reaching effect on society. They may create peace between the gods, promote unbreakable fellowships, and even instigate bloody wars. No mortal of sound mind would ever dare break an oath, lest they be afflicted by terrible curses. To be cursed by the gods is to be cursed by the land itself. Food turns to dust in the mouths of those who are cursed. Harpies peck out their eyes, and their souls are dragged screaming into the Underworld. For this reason, even the bravest of heroes fear the consequences of breaking an oath. The gods, on the other hand, are literally incapable of breaking their oaths, for they are made from the same magic that binds and enforces them.

# Fame and Hubris
All great heroes seek to increase their fame. This may sound like vanity, but within a mythic context, fame is essential to achieving one's goals. Famous heroes may summon warriors to their aid, influence the opinions of the masses, and even demand audiences with the gods. Though seeking it may shorten one's life, fame is the most direct route to immortality. But the danger of increasing one's fame is hubris. Excessive pride, or hubris, leads to the downfall and destruction of many famous heroes who overestimate their abilities—or who underestimate the gods.

# Fate and Prophecy
Mythic heroes are subject to the forces of fate and prophecy in equal measure. Fate directs the lives of both gods and mortals, and though she is the greatest of all mysteries, she is also cruel to those who defy her. The greatest gift she gives us is the gift of prophecy. Prophecies reveal paths that would otherwise be hidden to us—paths which allow us to rise to our fate, rather than be destroyed by it. Such paths are often dangerous, and walking them may seem like madness, but that is the task of the mythic hero. To dismiss prophecy and spurn one's fate is hubris of the highest order.

# Comedy and Tragedy
In the end, the story of a mythic hero falls into one of two categories. Those who win fame by rising to their fate and honoring their oaths may be forced to make tragic sacrifices, but they will be happier in the end. On the other hand, those who turn from fate, break their oaths, and curse the gods will meet tragic endings, even if their lives are happier in the short run. In other words, mythic heroism means rising to the challenges that fate throws at you, even when the gods themselves work against you. It means losing yourself in the wilderness for decades, only to return in glory when your enemies least expect it. It also means betraying your loved ones, overthrowing rightful kings because of petty grievances, and discovering that you were a pawn of prophecy all along. Mythic heroes do not lead easy lives, but they do lead dramatic ones. It's not just the victories that make their adventures memorable—it's the failures, also.