The Oracle, Versi, has lived for millennia and has never loved anyone—until she laid eyes on the Vanished One. She will do anything to ensure that the Vanished One lives, but her jealousy knows no bounds.
***Meeting the Oracle.*** Versi asks the Vanished One to swear an oath that they will return to her once the prophecy has been fulfilled and the world has been saved from disaster. Once the oath is sworn, Versi will reveal that the Vanished One’s famed armor, along with the [[Crown of the Dragonlords]], are located in the Tomb of Xander at the Necropolis of Telamok. She refuses to offer this information unless the oath is sworn.
***Versi's Jealousy.*** Versi uses her divination magic to watch over the Vanished One. She becomes very jealous if anyone else shows romantic interest. If the Vanished One ever consummates another romance, Versi confronts the Vanished One one day later. She will try her best to kill whoever was intimate with the Vanished One.
***Speaking to Xander.*** The undead Xander at the Necropolis of Telamok recognizes the Vanished One and gives them a crown of the dragonlords. However, their famed armor has been stolen by a man named Gaius. Gaius is the commander of the Order of Sydon. He keeps the Vanished One's fabled armor in his room on the Island of Yonder.
***Versi's Vision.*** When the heroes first set out in the Ultros, Versi appears and tells the Vanished One where to find one of the dragon eggs that are scattered across Thylea. She has had a vision of a dragon egg under the constellation of [[The Prisoner]]. This corresponds to the brass dragon egg on Fire Island (area V15).
***The Forgotten Dragon.*** If the heroes encounter Hezzebal, the dragon guarding the Mirror Prison in the Nether Sea, then the dragon blames the Vanished One for his long imprisonment.
# Divine Boon
If the Vanished One is ever killed, Versi will appear within 1 hour and kiss them, which restores them to life. This can only happen once.