The Lost One is a hero who came from the outer world as a survivor of a shipwreck or as an explorer seeking fame and fortune. Unlike the other epic paths, this works well if more than one player decides to create a character with this path. If more than one player creates a character with this path, then their rewards should be added to the lost treasure of the Dragonlords.
***Meeting the Oracle.*** Versi believes that the Lost One will find a way home, but first they must find the lost treasure of the Dragonlords.
***Meeting Pythor.*** When Pythor meets the Lost One, the god will offer to tell what he knows of the lost treasure of the Dragonlords, but only if his daughter is rescued before being sacrificed to Sydon. When his daughter is safe, Pythor reveals that Estor Arkelander was the last in possession of the treasure. Estor is now the undead captain of the ghost ship, the Ultros.
***Estor's Bargain.*** Once the heroes have gained control of the Ultros, Estor Arkelander will reveal to the Lost One that he buried the treasure of the Dragonlords in the Nether Sea. The treasure is sealed in a massive prison meant to contain a creature used by the gods as a weapon at the dawn of time. Estor will guide the heroes to it, but only if the Lost One swears an oath to allow him first pick of the treasure hoard—there is a single item that he wants above all else.
***The Wisdom of Vallus.*** When Vallus gives the Antikythera device to the heroes, she explains that it can be modified. A skilled gygan smith can rework it so that it can reveal a path through the Forgotten Sea to the world beyond. This work can be done by one of several gygan smiths – Steros, Bront, or Garzoon.
***The Dragonlords' Treasure.*** The lost treasure of the Dragonlords is sealed in the broken ‘mirror’ prison that was used to imprison the Kraken in the Nether Sea. The heroes must defeat the corrupted dragon that guards the treasure. Afterwards, if the Lost One swore the oath to Estor, the ghost takes the [[Xiphos of Slaughter]] from the treasure hoard.
# Divine Boon
Once the Ultros has been claimed, if the Lost One is killed, then Estor will appear and possess the body of the Lost One, bringing them back to full health and powers as if they had just completed a full rest. The player can play as the possessed hero and try to extricate themselves from the situation where they were defeated. This can only happen once.