When the Doomed One was born, Lutheria demanded that they be sacrificed along with many other children as part of an annual wine festival. Of all the parents of these children, only the Doomed One’s refused. Consequently, Lutheria slaughtered the Doomed One’s parents and directed her entire army of servants to torment the child endlessly as a practical joke.

***Lutheria's Joke.*** While Lutheria lives, her servants focus their attacks upon the Doomed One. This includes goatlings, jackalwere, lamia, maenad, and all hostile undead. It should be obvious to the Doomed One that these creatures are singling them out.
***Meeting the Oracle.*** The Oracle’s corrupted sister, Demetria, knows more about the fate that has been laid upon the Doomed One. Versi explains that Demetria can be found in the Mossy Temple.
***Meeting Demetria.*** Demetria recognizes the Doomed One. She reveals that the Doomed One is destined to die by the workings of Lutheria. She says that only the Fates can say more. This may also be revealed in the dream when the heroes drink from the Horn of Balmytria.
***Consulting the Fates.*** The Fates (pg. 140) reveal the full prophecy that accompanied the Doomed One’s birth. They were to suffer all their life and die three times to satisfy the Queen of Death. The Fates also reveal the full story of the Doomed One’s birth parents—and the cruelty of Lutheria’s practical joke.
***The Fates' Loom.*** The Fates possess a magical loom that can be used to forge an item capable of protecting against Lutheria. This requires the Doomed One to either kill the Fates or bargain with them.
***Confronting Lutheria.*** When the Doomed One confronts Lutheria on her throne in the Nether Sea, the Titan will take no actions for one round as she is consumed by uncontrollable laughter. She fondly recalls all of the pointless suffering that she has inflicted upon the Doomed One.

# Divine Boon
If the Doomed One is killed, they will immediately come under the effects of the spell true resurrection. This can happen only twice. No matter how the Doomed One is raised from the dead, they will remain dead forever after dying for the third time. This restriction ends once Lutheria is dead.