No one believes that the Haunted One’s family ever existed—not even the gods. Only the Fates know the truth. The Haunted One was foretold to “break the power of death.” When Lutheria learned this, she hunted them down and slaughtered their entire family. But Mytros, the Goddess of Dawn, intervened. Before Lutheria could strike the killing blow against the Haunted One, Mytros reached out with divine magic and erased the Haunted One’s entire existence from memory. Lutheria forgot her purpose and returned to her throne.
None but the Fates remember the prophecy or the existence of the Haunted One and her family. Mytros saw that the prophecy could only come true if all trace of the Haunted One’s history were forgotten. The souls of their family remain trapped in Lutheria’s scythe. Meeting the Oracle. Versi tells the Haunted One that their corrupted sister, Demetria, possesses one of her lost family artifacts. Demetria can be found in the Mossy Temple in the Old Woods.
***Defeating Demetria.*** Demetria possesses one of the Haunted One’s lesser family artifacts. It was stolen and carried to the temple by one of her goatling servants.
***Attuning the Artifact.*** When the Haunted One attunes the lesser artifact, they hear whispers of their family’s voices. The voice of the person they loved most in life (mother, father, spouse, child, etc.) will be loudest. That voice tells them that the other family artifact is held by the Queen of the Amazons.
***The Amazon Queen.*** The greater family artifact is indeed in the possession of the Amazon Queen on the Island of Themis. When the Haunted One attunes to the greater artifact, the whispers from their family become louder. The loved relative will tell the Haunted One that the Fates know the truth.
***Consulting the Fates.*** The Fates reveal the Haunted One’s full backstory, including the prophecy and the fact that Mytros erased their family from all memory. The Fates say that only by breaking Lutheria’s crystal scythe can the Haunted One free their family’s souls.
***Confronting Lutheria.*** If the Haunted One confronts Lutheria directly on her throne in Hypnos, then Lutheria will vaguely recall the prophecy and realize that she’s made a mistake. She will direct all of her efforts at killing the Haunted One before anyone else.
***Destroying the Scythe.*** Destroying Lutheria’s crystal scythe releases the souls of the Haunted One’s family so that they may pass on to the afterlife. Remembrance and knowledge of their existence also returns to the world.
# Divine Boon
Once attuned to a family artifact, the Haunted One can escape death once. If the Haunted One is killed, the spirits of their loved ones will possess the hero so that they can continue their battle as if they had just taken a short rest. This can only happen once.