The Gifted One is a grandchild of Sydon, who fell in love with a mortal sorceress decades ago. Lutheria eventually convinced her brother that such a romance was corrupting him. Sydon murdered the sorceress, not knowing that she had already given birth to a daughter; the Gifted One is a child of that daughter.
***Meeting the Oracle.*** Versi reveals the Gifted One's conflicted ancestry, explaining that Sydon murdered their sorceress grandmother. She gives the Gifted One a locket that once belonged to her.
***The Whispering Locket.*** One week after receiving the locket, the spirit of the Gifted One’s grandmother will speak through it. She will whisper to the Gifted One that they are to resurrect the Dragonlords of old. But they must first exact vengeance upon Sydon.
***The Wisdom of Vallus.*** Before the heroes set sail in the Ultros, Vallus offers the Gifted One her counsel. She believes that the Gifted One will restore glory to the order of the Dragonlords. But first, they must recover the fortress of the Dragonlords. It can be found in the possession of a dragon in the Garden of Helios.
***Dragon Eggs.*** The Gifted One can find a dragon egg in several places throughout the world of Thylea.
***Fortress of the Dragonlords.*** The [[Instant Fortress]] can be found in the treasure hoard of the gold dragon that rules the Garden of Helios. When summoned, it manifests as a tower with draconic architectural motifs.
***The Silver Dragon.*** When the Gifted One meets Nephele, the silver dragon at [[Praxys]], their grandmother will speak to them through the locket. She will reveal that the silver dragon is without a soul. If the Gifted One breaks the locket, her soul can enter the dragon. In this case, the Gifted One gains an adult silver dragon as an ally. However, the dragon is as arrogant and mercurial as the sorceress was in life. She will only assist with the battle against Sydon.
***Confronting Sydon.*** When the Gifted One confronts Sydon, he is disappointed that one of his progeny could be so small and weak.
# Divine Boon
If the Gifted One is ever killed, their body will disintegrate. Vallus will then use a true resurrection spell to bring them back to life. She then uses her magic to return the Gifted One to their companions. This can only happen once.