The Demi-god is a child of Pythor, the God of Battle. Pythor has spent centuries obsessing over his failures. He believes that the Demi-god is his path to redemption. Pythor wants the Demi-god to perform the tasks that he himself failed to accomplish—and to take his place as the God of Battle.

***Meeting the Oracle.*** Versi expects great things from the Demi-god. She encourages them to travel to Estoria and meet their father, Pythor.
***Meeting Pythor.*** When the heroes first meet Pythor in Estoria, he recognizes the Demi-god as one of his children. He laments that the green dragon Hexia took the Demi-god’s mother from him. Hexia dwells somewhere in the Forgotten Sea.
***Pythor's Hammer.*** When Pythor learns that the Demi-god wants to finish building his greatest weapon, he will offer up his magical hammer ([[Pythor’s Hammer]]). Pythor will explain that the hammer will be needed to forge the weapon. But first he makes the Demi-god swear an oath to save his daughter Anora (the Demi-god’s half-sister) from being sacrificed to Sydon.
After giving the Demi-god his hammer, Pythor suggests that the Demi-god talk with Volkan, his father, who also dwells in Estoria.
***Meeting Volkan.*** Volkan tells the Demi-god that they will only be able to forge Pythor’s unfinished weapon using the Mithral Forge. He tells the Demi-god to relight the Mithral Forge and find the components required to complete Pythor’s unfinished weapon.
***Forging the Weapon.*** Once the fires of the Mithral Forge are relit, Volkan can forge the unfinished weapon when given the appropriate materials. When the weapon is complete, Volkan sends a keledone to deliver it to the Demi-god.
***Pythor's Greatest Foe.*** The Demi-god eventually discovers that their mother is a prisoner in Hexia’s lair on the Island of the Dragon. By defeating Hexia, the Demi-god will defeat Pythor’s greatest foe and rescue their mother in one fell swoop.
The Demi-god’s mother has some knowledge of the Forgotten Sea and can give a vague description of each island. She asks the Demi-god to succeed where her husband failed and save Thylea from the Titans.
# Divine Boon
If the Demi-God is ever killed, Pythor will appear within 1 hour and surrender a portion of his divine spark to raise them back to life. This can only happen once, and Pythor suffers one level of permanent exhaustion as a result.